http://www.silveroak.com/food/recipes/winter-wheat-spaghetti-ala-carbonara/

Spaghetti Alla Carbonara
Whole Wheat Pasta Dough
Traditional carbonara is one of the easiest pastas to make. This recipe makes pasta dough using whole wheat flour. Depending on the flour you use you may need to add water to the pasta dough to achieve the correct consistency.

Serves 6
Pasta
4 cups whole wheat flour
4 large eggs, lightly beaten
2 tablespoons salt
Carbonara
8 ounces pancetta or bacon, diced small
2 tablespoons salt
2 tablespoons fresh black pepper, ground
3 eggs, lightly beaten
¼ cup Parmesan cheese, grated
1 tablespoon parsley, chopped
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
Make the Pasta
Place flour in the bowl of a stand up electric mixer. Using the paddle attachment start mixing the flour on low speed. While the mixer is running, pour in the beaten eggs and mix for 2 minutes. The mixture should start forming into loose dough. Turn the dough onto a counter and knead by hand for 2 minutes or until the dough feels firm. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and let rest for 1 hour.
After 1 hour of resting use a pasta extruder to make spaghetti or roll the dough out with a pasta roller and cut into linguini or fettuccini.
Make the Carbonara
Place pancetta onto a baking tray and into a 350°F oven to bake for 10-15 minutes, or until crispy on the outside and tender in the center.
Bring a 2-gallon pot of water to boil; add salt. Return to a boil and add the pasta to the pot. Stirring every 30 seconds, allow pasta to boil for 3-5 full minutes or until the pasta is tender.
Strain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of the pasta water.
Place the pot back over medium heat. Add the crispy pancetta and black pepper and heat until you can smell the black pepper warming. Add 1 cup of the reserved pasta water and all of the pasta. Stir the pasta while it re-boils in the pot with the pancetta and black pepper. Once 75% of the water boils away remove the pot from the heat, and pour in the beaten eggs. Stir rapidly, and continue to stir until the eggs thicken. Add the Parmesan and parsley and mix well. Drizzle with olive oil and serve immediately.
